Update pages for UTokyo Account upgrade (#1434)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/pages/en/utokyo_account/index.mdx

## Sign in to the ICT systems with your UTokyo Account
{:#signin}

> UTokyo Account provides access to a variety of ICT systems.

Reviewer: 日本語に合わせて（下の改行も含めて）
```suggestion
This section explains how to sign in to various ICT systems using your UTokyo Account.

```

When using the ICT systems, if the following sign-in screen (with an image of Akamon Gate) appears, you need to sign in with your UTokyo Account. Please follow these steps to sign in:

![](img/signin-akamon.png){:.small.center.thin-border}
1. Enter "10-digit Common ID + `@utac.u-tokyo.ac.jp`" in the input field, then click "Next."
1. When the screen shown in the bottom-left screenshot appears, enter your password and click "Sign in."

> 1. If the "Verify your identity" screen shown in the bottom-right screenshot or the "Approve sign in request" screen appears, follow the on-screen instructions to complete the multi-factor authentication.

Reviewer: 日本語と照らし合わせるに、"Verify your identity"以外に「サインイン要求を承認」に該当する文言があったりしませんかね？

Author: "Approve sign in request"がそれに当たると考えています。

Reviewer: すいません。見落としていました。
